Dextra/pose estimation jonathan thrusd (#118)
Unity-Technologies/Unity-Robotics-Hub: README.md

|---|---|
| [Quick Installation Instructions](tutorials/quick_setup.md) | Brief steps on installing the Unity Robotics packages |
| [Pick-and-Place Demo](tutorials/pick_and_place/README.md) | A complete end-to-end demonstration, including how to set up the Unity environment, how to import a robot from URDF, and how to set up two-way communication with ROS for control |

> | [Pose Estimation Demo](tutorials/pose_estimation/README.md) | A complete end-to-end demonstration, in which we collect training data in Unity, and use that data to train a deep neural network to predict the pose of a cube. This model is then deployed in a simulated pick & place scenario that builds on the [Pick-and-Place Demo](tutorials/pose_estimation/README.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Pose Estimation Demo](tutorials/pose_estimation/README.md) | A complete end-to-end demonstration, in which we collect training data in Unity, and use that data to train a deep neural network to predict the pose of a cube. This model is then deployed in a simulated robotic pick & place task. |
```

Reviewer: Suggestion that we just remove the link from this part entirely to avoid confusion.
